# hello-world
This is my first repository. This 'readme' will be used to give a general overview of my intent on how I may use github.

I intend to use this as a personal reference and to showcase projects and other tools and skills I may have acquired through seeking a master’s degree in Data Science, as well as other personal, outside classroom learning, through Udemy, YouTube, Data Camp, etc. I will commit those things that interest me from school and personal study and for which I feel gives a good idea of the skillsets I may be comfortable with to potential recruiters and employers.

This platform will contain graded and non-graded projects from school to give an idea of specific as well as diverse or broad background in the field of data science. My repositories may feature tools like python, R, SQL, excel, Tableau, etc.

I may include files and code about tips and tricks learned from other sources. Although I may cite some of these sources like Udemy, and may use a template from the source, the work presented here will be a representation of my understanding of the material or code and may serve as my personal reference or guide for future projects that may require the skill or knowledge presented. To show that I do understand the code or material presented here as my own, I will provide in-code comment or other options like ‘readme’ to explain to myself and to whomever will be looking at this site to determine my skill especially for employment or project collaborations. This may include the what, why, when to use and how of the project, code, file or spreadsheet presented. Also, on my resume and LinkedIn account may be a copy of a certificate earned while learning such a skill from Udemy or other places.

Disclaimer. I know that in the IT world there is a lot of collaboration and reuse of codes from others. For students who may come to my files or projects for academic work, I invite you to not just copy the codes I may have used without understanding what you are doing. Also understand that there may be many ways or better ways of presenting or writing a line of code to achieve a desired outcome. What you see may be a beginner or intermediate level approach to some of these codes or projects. This is simply because I want it to be intuitive for me when I later use it as a reference. I may also be biased to using simple codes because one of my personal philosophies as a would-be Data Scientist from the business world is to communicate simply, plainly and make things less complex by presenting information in a way that will inspire good and intuitive decision making instead of analysts stuck on my codes and how I may have arrived at my answer. “From small and simple things great things are brought to pass” (Alma)
